Vladimir Vladimir Klitschko with the
knockout over pool eyes not the fight
that we all thought we were going to get
to see I thought I was going to see a
much better fight than this one arm pull
out down twice in the first round down
again in the third round and just
manhandled in this fight it wasn't a
good fight at all and I was going to go
a Google hangout and do a live
play-by-play but I wasn't able to do
that I don't know how to do that yet I'm
still tinkering with that but I will
have links to the fight if you didn't
get to see it I'll put the play-by-play
round by round in the description once I
upload it if it's not there yet just
chill the fuck out I'll have it up there
eventually shouldn't take me that long I
was doing it round by round recording it
round by round and I'll probably put
some highlights on my facebook as well
but uh yeah wide Amir clinch ko wins the
fight in the fourth round knocking out
pull off with a big big shot knocking
him the fuck out pull out got knocked
the fuck out now we're just waiting on
there's a lot of shit going a lot of
sports going down tonight so I will be
covering as much of it as possible as
much as I possibly can clinch ko
dominating dominating yet another
opponent and now I'm ready to see him
take on some of I want I want to see him
versus the bronze bomber I went I
wouldn't mind seeing him versus Chisora
I wouldn't mind saying there's a couple
other guys stubborn would be a nice
being nice fight if he could get through
Deontay Wilder Deontay Wilder but who
laughs just outclassed outclassed in
this fight it wasn't even it never
looked to me like it was even close
didn't look close anyway let me know how
you feel about this I'll talk to you
next time peace